Enter your responses inline below and push this file to your private GitHub
repository.


1. Assume I plan to use the friend_overlap function above to quantify the
similarity of two users. E.g., because 344 is larger than 1, I conclude that
Jill Stein and Gary Johnson are more similar than Hillary Clinton and Donald
Trump.

How is this approach misleading? How might you fix it?

Just because Jill Stein and Gary Johnson are following the same users does not mean they are similar.Following the same people would be their trick to fool people in order to get votes.As per the current scenario Hilary Clinton is against Donald Trump.The number cannot determine the similarity between the user.
Fix:
The number would be specific to the interest and we can code in such a way that the similar properties should be on various amount of factors.


2. Looking at the output of your followed_by_hillary_and_donald function, why
do you think this user is followed by both Hilary Clinton and Donald Trump,
who are rivals? Do some web searches to see if you can find out more
information.


Yes, he may be the rival and he has followed both the people stands to the fact that the he wants to have each and every information about the political parties.As following the people reflects the tweet and action of each of them it would be convienient for the rival to plan his game of action.


Magic Jhonson would be the rival because he is the supporter of Hilary Clinton and has a major business interest with Donald Trump.







3. There is a big difference in how many accounts each candidate follows (Gary
Johnson follows over 3K accounts, while Donald Trump follows less than
50). Why do you think this is? How might that affect our analysis?

Every person has his/her interests to follow the entity.Gary Johnson is more active on twitter and 
actively participates in twitting activities whereas Donald Trump is of the other opinion.
He follows less people. The relation between the follower and the followee directly depends on 
the complexity of the scenario.the more the people you follow leads to the complex relation between the entities.
On the other hand the simple graph would be less complex and would simply define the realtin between each other.
Other concern would be the people they follow.May be the person with the large following list would not 
pay attention to all the tweets highlighted for his concerns whereas the other one would signify the attention equally.



4. The follower graph we've collected is incomplete. To expand it, we would
have to also collect the list of accounts followed by each of the
friends. That is, for each user X that Donald Trump follows, we would have to
also collect all the users that X follows. Assuming we again use the API call
https://dev.twitter.com/rest/reference/get/friends/ids, how many requests will
we have to make? Given how Twitter does rate limiting
(https://dev.twitter.com/rest/public/rate-limiting), approximately how many
minutes will it take to collect this data?


Assuming we use the TwitterAPI, we would be making X*no of followers request.
for eg: donald trump follows 4 users.the 4 users in turn follows 5 users.so in order to follow 5 users each Donald trump had to make 20 request.
if we use rate limiting:
get request takes 2 buckets 15 min for 15 calls or 15 min for 180 calls so approximately it will take 15 min for the user to request the process.

